@setfilename manual.info
@settitle SmartCalc v2.0 Manual
@setchapternewpage odd

@ifinfo
This is the SmartCalc v2.0 Manual. For more information, visit our website.
@end ifinfo

@node Top, Introduction, , Top
@top

@titlepage
@title SmartCalc v2.0 Manual
@subtitle User Guide

@author Androw Bayard
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright © 2023 Your Organization
@end titlepage

@contents

@node Introduction, Installation, Top
@chapter Introduction

The SmartCalc v2.0 is a versatile calculator program developed in C++17.
It provides various features, including arithmetic calculations, expression evaluation,
and function plotting.

@menu
* Installation::        Installing SmartCalc v2.0
* Usage::               How to use SmartCalc
@end menu

@node Installation, Usage, Introduction
@chapter Installation

To install SmartCalc v2.0, follow these steps:

@enumerate
@item Download the source code from our website.

@item Navigate to the `src` folder.

@item Build the program using the provided Makefile. Run the following command:

@example
make all
@end example

@item Install the program using the following command:

@example
make install
@end example

@end enumerate

@node Usage, Basic Calculations, Introduction
@chapter Usage

SmartCalc v2.0 offers a user-friendly interface for mathematical calculations.

@menu
* Basic Calculations::   Performing basic arithmetic calculations
* Expression Evaluation:: Evaluating complex expressions
* Function Plotting::    Plotting mathematical functions
* Supported Features::   List of supported features
@end menu

@node Basic Calculations, Expression Evaluation, Usage
@section Basic Calculations

To perform basic arithmetic calculations, follow these steps:

@enumerate
@item Launch SmartCalc v2.0.

@item Enter a mathematical expression.

@item Press the "=" symbol to calculate the result.

@end enumerate

@node Expression Evaluation, Function Plotting, Basic Calculations
@section Expression Evaluation

SmartCalc v2.0 supports evaluating complex arithmetic expressions with various operators and functions. It also allows substitution of variables.

@subsection Supported Operators and Functions

SmartCalc v2.0 supports the following operators and functions:

@table @asis
@item Brackets
@item Addition
@item Subtraction
@item Multiplication
@item Division
@item Power
@item Modulus
@item Unary plus
@item Unary minus
@item Computes cosine	cos(x)
@item sine	sin(x)
@item tangent	tan(x)
@item arc cosine	acos(x)
@item arc sine	asin(x)
@item arc tangent	atan(x)
@item square root	sqrt(x)
@item natural logarithm	ln(x)
@item common logarithm	log(x)

@end table

@node Function Plotting, Supported Features, Expression Evaluation
@section Function Plotting

SmartCalc v2.0 allows you to plot graphs of mathematical functions. To plot a function, follow these steps:

@enumerate
@item Enter the expression in infix notation with the variable @code{x}.

@item Specify the domain and codomain for the function.

@item Press the "Plot" button to generate the graph.

@end enumerate

Please note that the domain and codomain of a function are limited to at least numbers from -1,000,000 to 1,000,000.

@node Supported Features, Top, Function Plotting
@section Supported Features

SmartCalc v2.0 offers the following features:

@itemize
@item Arithmetic calculations
@item Expression evaluation
@item Function plotting
@item Support for integers and real numbers
@item Support for exponential notation
@item Verifiable accuracy to 7 decimal places
@item Input of up to 255 characters
@item Support for a wide range of operators and mathematical functions
@item Implementation in C++17 following Google style
@item Unit tests using GTest
@item Cross-platform GUI implementation (Linux and Mac)
@item MVC pattern with separation of concerns
@end itemize

@node Information, , Usage, Top
@chapter Information

For more detailed information about SmartCalc v2.0 and its usage, please refer to the task manual.

@bye
